Added feature to run clamav docker container as non-root user. (#37)
Cisco-Talos/clamav-documentation: src/manual/Installing/Docker.md

If you're thinking about running multiple containers that share a single database volume, [here are some notes on how this might work](#multiple-containers-sharing-the-same-mounted-databases).

### Running ClamD using non-root user using --user and --entrypoint 

> You can run a container using a non-root user "clamav" with unprivileged entrypoint script.   
>  Just run:
> ```bash
> docker run -it --rm \
>       --user "clamav"
>       --entrypoint /init-unprivileged
>       --name "clam_container_01" \
>     clamav/clamav:unstable_base
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You can run a container using the non-root user "clamav" with the unprivileged entrypoint script. To do this with Docker, you will need to add these two options: `--user "clamav" --entrypoint /init-unprivileged`

For example:
```bash
docker run -it --rm \
      --user "clamav" \
      --entrypoint /init-unprivileged \
      --name "clam_container_01" \
    clamav/clamav:unstable_base
```
````
